# PASS-BOX-CONTROLLER

Sterilization process refers to the elimination/removal of all form of                            biological agents present in a specified region. Sterilization can be achieved                    through various means such as heating, irradiation, high pressure and                      filtration. It has been one of the prominent process in any production. In                   previous times it has been very difficult to achieve sterilization mainly in the pharmaceutical area and the other industrial area, though the demand for this process never descended. Due to the development of the technology pass box is one of               the solutions for the Sterilization. This process had extended its roots to all                     the areas of the human life for example, in the medical industries there is a need to transfer the material form one room to another room without any change in the atmospheric conditions. If there is any change in the material’s physical or            chemical properties it affects the product. In such cases the Pass Box will be               very helpful for the transfer of the materials. The pass box is used between                    the classified and the unclassified areas. It works on the principle of                      interlocking door mechanism with UV present inside the box. It accepts                          the material from one side and undergoes a process called “Sterilization” in                   the presence of UV light. After the completion of the process the pure                      material can be collected from the other side of the box.  
